CONSOLE-3383: Minimal Dynamic Plugin for the CronTab CRD (MVP) (#2)
openshift/crontab-plugin: README.md

# OpenShift CronTab Dynamic Plugin

This project serves as a minimal template for an Openshift dynamic plugin. It shows basic operations with a Custom Resource Definition (CRD), in this case CronTab CRD, such as creating, editing and deleting.

It requires OpenShift 4.11.

> The CronTab Dynamic Plugin creates new menu entry, routes, list page, details page and a
> default YAML template for a CRD.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CronTab Dynamic Plugin creates a new navigation entry, list page, details page, and YAML template for the CRD.
```
